E2fsprogs 1.04 (May 16, 1996)
=============================

First "official" (1.03 was a limited release only) to support building
e2fsprogs under Linux 2.0 kernels (as well as late model 1.3 and 1.99
kernels).

This package includes a RPM specs file, that it can be built using the
RedHat Package Manager.

E2fsck now prints a hint that if there are lots of incorrectly located
inode bitmaps, block bitmaps, and inode table blocks, the user might
want to try using e2fsck -b 8193 first, to see if that fares any
better.

For ext2 filesystem written with the hurd, debugfs will now print out
the translator field when printing an inode structure.

Lots of miscellaneous linking/installation cleanups:

  Libraries are now linked using a relative pathname, instead of
  relying on -L working correct.  It doesn't, in many cases, including
  current versions of GNU ld.  This guarantees that the build tree is
  linking with the right libraries, instead of the ones installed in
  /usr/lib.

  Header files, man pages, and the et/ss shell scripts are now
  generated using a custom substitution script, instead of relying on
  the configure script.  This prevents needless recompilation of
  files; in addition, the custom substitution script is much faster.

  e2fsck may now be linked dynamically, by using the
  --enable-dynamic-e2fsck flag to configure.  This is not recommended,
  since it increases e2fsck's dependence on other files, but some
  people need to save disk space, and other critical programs on their
  systems were being linked dynamically anyway.

  Programs such as fsck which didn't need to be linked against
  libext2fs (or mke2fs which didn't need to be linked against libe2p)
  only link against libraries they actually need.  Otherwise, those
  programs would require the presense of libraries that otherwise
  could be removed from a rescuse diskette.

  The ss include files are now installed correctly so they can
  actually be used by another package.

  If the profiling libraries are built, they are now installed on a
  "make install-libs".


E2fsprogs 1.03 (March 27, 1996)
===============================

Change the m68k bit numbering for bitmasks to match the bit numbering
used by all other ext2 implementations.  (This change was requested by
the m68k kernel development team.)

Support (in-development) filesystem format revision which supports
(among other things) dynamically sized inodes.

Fixed a bug in the ext2 library so that an intelligent error is
returned if mke2fs is run with a ridiculously small number of blocks
for a partition.

Fixed a bug in the ext2 library which required that the device be
openable in read/write mode in order to determine its size.  This
caused e2fsck -n to require read/write access when it was not
previously necessary.

Fixed a bug in e2fsck which casued it to occasionally fail the test
suite depending on which version of the floating point library it was
using.

Fixed a bug in e2fsck so that it now halts with a fatal error when
certain superblock consistency checks fail.  Previously it continued
running e2fsck, with some potential confusing/damaging consequences.

Added new flag to fsck which allows the root to be checked in parallel
with other filesytems.  This is not the safest thing in the world to
do, but some system administrators really wanted it.


E2fsprogs 1.02 (January 16, 1996)
=================================

Fix to allow e2fsprogs to be compiled on recent 1.3 (pl45+) kernels.

Change e2fsck to print statistics of how many non-contiguous files are
on the system.  Note that a file which is larger than 8k blocks, it is
guaranteed to be non-contiguous.

In mke2fs, print a warning message if a user tries to format a whole
disk (/dev/hda versus /dev/hda1).  If a user really wants to format a
whole disk, the -F (force) option forces mke2fs to format a whole disk
as a filesytem.

Fix a bug in fsck where in some cases it might start checking
partitions in the next pass before it finishes checking partitions in
the current pass.  This still won't cause two partitions on the same
disk will be checked, so it's rarely a problem in real life.

Patch lsattr so that it won't hang when checking a named pipe.

Minor compilation fixes:
	* Fix the order of libraries that were linked in debugfs.
	* Allow the sources to be compiled with -ansi turned on.
